Fix typos in exsl:object-type() (#16323)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/exslt/exsl/object-type/index.md

`exsl:object-type()` returns a string that indicates the type of the specified object.

> > **Note:** Most [XSLT](/en-US/docs/Web/XSLT) object types can be coerced into each other safely; however, certain coercions to raise error conditions. In particular, treating something that\'s not a node-set as a node-set will do so. This function lets authors of named templates and extension functions easily provide flexibility in parameter values.

Reviewer: I think the backslash is not needed. Let's try it.
```suggestion
> **Note:** Most [XSLT](/en-US/docs/Web/XSLT) object types can be coerced into each other safely; however, certain coercions to raise error conditions. In particular, treating something that's not a node-set as a node-set will do so. This function lets authors of named templates and extension functions easily provide flexibility in parameter values.
```
